Bytedance	Bytedance is a leading company in Artificial intelligence.
SpaceX	SpaceX is a leading company in Other.
SHEIN	SHEIN is a leading company in E-commerce & direct-to-consumer.
Stripe	Stripe is a leading company in Fintech.
Klarna	Klarna is a leading company in Fintech.
Canva	Canva is a leading company in Internet software & services.
Checkout.com	Checkout.com is a leading company in Fintech.
Instacart	Instacart is a leading company in Supply chain, logistics, & delivery.
Databricks	Databricks is a leading company in Data management & analytics.
Revolut	Revolut is a leading company in Fintech.
FTX	FTX is a leading company in Fintech.
Epic Games	Epic Games is a leading company in Other.
Fanatics	Fanatics is a leading company in E-commerce & direct-to-consumer.
Chime	Chime is a leading company in Fintech.
BYJU's	BYJU's is a leading company in Edtech.
Xiaohongshu	Xiaohongshu is a leading company in E-commerce & direct-to-consumer.
J&T Express	J&T Express is a leading company in Supply chain, logistics, & delivery.
Miro	Miro is a leading company in Internet software & services.
Yuanfudao	Yuanfudao is a leading company in Edtech.
Discord	Discord is a leading company in Internet software & services.
goPuff	goPuff is a leading company in E-commerce & direct-to-consumer.
Yuanqi Senlin	Yuanqi Senlin is a leading company in Consumer & retail.
Ripple	Ripple is a leading company in Fintech.
DJI Innovations	DJI Innovations is a leading company in Hardware.
Blockchain.com	Blockchain.com is a leading company in Fintech.
Plaid	Plaid is a leading company in Fintech.
OpenSea	OpenSea is a leading company in E-commerce & direct-to-consumer.
Grammarly	Grammarly is a leading company in Internet software & services.
Devoted Health	Devoted Health is a leading company in Health.
Faire	Faire is a leading company in Artificial intelligence.
Brex	Brex is a leading company in Fintech.
GoodLeap	GoodLeap is a leading company in Internet software & services.
Deel	Deel is a leading company in Fintech.
Xingsheng Selected	Xingsheng Selected is a leading company in E-commerce & direct-to-consumer.
Biosplice Therapeutics	Biosplice Therapeutics is a leading company in Health.
Bitmain Technologies	Bitmain Technologies is a leading company in Hardware.
JUUL Labs	JUUL Labs is a leading company in Consumer & retail.
Getir	Getir is a leading company in E-commerce & direct-to-consumer.
Airtable	Airtable is a leading company in Internet software & services.
ZongMu Technology	ZongMu Technology is a leading company in Auto & transportation.
Rippling	Rippling is a leading company in Internet software & services.
Global Switch	Global Switch is a leading company in Hardware.
Bolt	Bolt is a leading company in Fintech.
Celonis	Celonis is a leading company in Data management & analytics.
Weilong	Weilong is a leading company in Consumer & retail.
Swiggy	Swiggy is a leading company in Supply chain, logistics, & delivery.
Alchemy	Alchemy is a leading company in Fintech.
Talkdesk	Talkdesk is a leading company in Internet software & services.
KuCoin	KuCoin is a leading company in Fintech.
Digital Currency Group	Digital Currency Group is a leading company in Fintech.
Thrasio	Thrasio is a leading company in Other.
Notion Labs	Notion Labs is a leading company in Internet software & services.
Gusto	Gusto is a leading company in Fintech.
reddit	reddit is a leading company in Internet software & services.
Chehaoduo	Chehaoduo is a leading company in E-commerce & direct-to-consumer.
Figma	Figma is a leading company in Internet software & services.
Lalamove	Lalamove is a leading company in Supply chain, logistics, & delivery.
OutSystems	OutSystems is a leading company in Internet software & services.
ServiceTitan	ServiceTitan is a leading company in Internet software & services.
HEYTEA	HEYTEA is a leading company in Other.
N26	N26 is a leading company in Fintech.
Klaviyo	Klaviyo is a leading company in Internet software & services.
Northvolt	Northvolt is a leading company in Other.
OYO Rooms	OYO Rooms is a leading company in Travel.
Niantic	Niantic is a leading company in Mobile & telecommunications.
Tanium	Tanium is a leading company in Cybersecurity.
Rapyd	Rapyd is a leading company in Fintech.
Kavak	Kavak is a leading company in E-commerce & direct-to-consumer.
Snyk	Snyk is a leading company in Cybersecurity.
Nuro	Nuro is a leading company in Auto & transportation.
Chainalysis	Chainalysis is a leading company in Fintech.
Pony.ai	Pony.ai is a leading company in Artificial intelligence.
Bolt	Bolt is a leading company in Auto & transportation.
Tipalti	Tipalti is a leading company in Fintech.
Lacework	Lacework is a leading company in Cybersecurity.
Tempus	Tempus is a leading company in Health.
Ramp	Ramp is a leading company in Fintech.
Flexport	Flexport is a leading company in Supply chain, logistics, & delivery.
StarkWare	StarkWare is a leading company in Cybersecurity.
Fireblocks	Fireblocks is a leading company in Fintech.
Dream11	Dream11 is a leading company in Internet software & services.
Caris Life Sciences	Caris Life Sciences is a leading company in Health.
Hopin	Hopin is a leading company in Internet software & services.
Dapper Labs	Dapper Labs is a leading company in Fintech.
Razorpay	Razorpay is a leading company in Fintech.
Automattic	Automattic is a leading company in Internet software & services.
Netskope	Netskope is a leading company in Cybersecurity.
Ola Cabs	Ola Cabs is a leading company in Auto & transportation.
Toss	Toss is a leading company in Fintech.
Carta	Carta is a leading company in Fintech.
Scale AI	Scale AI is a leading company in Artificial intelligence.
Argo AI	Argo AI is a leading company in Artificial intelligence.
TripActions	TripActions is a leading company in Travel.
Gong	Gong is a leading company in Artificial intelligence.
Gemini	Gemini is a leading company in Fintech.
We Doctor	We Doctor is a leading company in Health.
Ro	Ro is a leading company in Health.
ConsenSys	ConsenSys is a leading company in Fintech.
Automation Anywhere	Automation Anywhere is a leading company in Artificial intelligence.
1Password	1Password is a leading company in Cybersecurity.
